With the rapid development of the economy, financial investment has become more and more common, but many people have no investment experience and cannot judge the direction of market prices. Our team uses historical price data to formulate a portfolio investment strategy of gold and Bitcoin to help investment novice investors invest without worry. gain long-term profits.

For question 1, we have established an online portfolio trading model with commissions, using historical price data to evaluate risks and returns, build a multi-objective planning model, introduce a risk preference coefficient, and investors can choose according to their own conditions to get the best investment ratio of the day . Using the "Double Time Cycle Confirmation Principle" to improve the "Dow Theory", through historical price monitoring, the Dow model is used to analyze the trend of asset prices, to determine the long-term trend and mid-term trend of asset prices, and at the mid-term trend turning point, Invest with the best investment ratio. We choose the risk appetite coefficient to be 0.6, the total return in 21 years is $72,087.61, and the investment rate of return is 7,108.7%.

For the second question, we compare and analyze the profitability, risk, Sharpe coefficient and capital liquidity of the investment. The model has higher returns, better liquidity, and the best performance of risk control and Sharpe coefficient. Considered comprehensively, the model is best investment strategy.

For the third question, a sensitivity analysis was carried out on transaction costs. Transaction costs have a greater impact on gold investment and less impact on Bitcoin investment, mainly affecting the number of transactions and the proportion of investment.

Finally, we analyze the shortcomings of the model and the direction of optimization, and attach a memo. 




The models used in our investment strategies are mainly: online portfolio investment models with transaction fees and trading strategies based on Dow Theory. The online portfolio investment model is used to find the best investment ratio allocation in real time. By analyzing the income and risk of the transaction data of the first 60 days, the multi-objective planning model is used to pursue the maximum return and the minimum risk, and the risk preference coefficient is introduced to integrate the risk and return. The proportion of the investment ratio is unified according to the weight, which is transformed into a single-objective programming problem, and the simplex method is used to find the optimal solution of the investment ratio. Trading strategies based on Dow Theory are used to capture the best trading opportunities. Through the detection and trend analysis of historical transaction data, the long-term and medium-term trends of Bitcoin and gold are monitored at the same time to determine their Dow highs, Dow lows and trend trends, combined with the principle of "double time cycle confirmation" , to determine the best buy or sell date.



The investment strategy is: using the transaction model based on Dow Theory, if a suitable purchase opportunity is found, the online portfolio transaction model with transaction fees is used to calculate the optimal investment allocation ratio at this time, and purchase the corresponding assets proportionally. If it is judged that it is suitable to buy gold on that day, the investment ratio is calculated as x_1, x_2, and the dollar holding amount is D, then D*x_1 is used to purchase gold, and the remaining amount will not be invested temporarily, but will be used for bitcoin investment Preparation and risk control.



Using our investment model to guide traders to invest, investors only need to choose their preferred risk preference coefficient (m∈(0,1)). The larger the risk preference coefficient, the greater the risk. We choose the risk preference degree as 0.6 Make guided investments. After that, you only need to input the price data of gold and bitcoin in the past, and the model will output whether it is recommended to trade today, the trading behavior, the type of trading assets, and the best trading ratio. Traders make buy, hold, and sell operations based on model recommendations. Guided investments through our model with a principal of $1,000 over the five-year trading period from September 11, 2016 to September 10, 2021, and total assets of $72,087.61 as of July 5, 2021, invested The yield is 7108.7%. The total number of transactions is 16 times, the maximum loss ratio of a single investment does not exceed 10%, the average Sharpe coefficient is 0.152, and the Sharpe coefficient is positive every year. The optimal combination of return and risk has achieved good investment results. 
